unstable-book: Add stubs for environment variables; document some of the important ones (#141624)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/unstable-book/src/compiler-environment-variables/SDKROOT.md

# `SDKROOT`

> This environment variable is used on MacOS targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This environment variable is used on Apple targets.
```

> It is passed through to the linker (either as `-isysroot` or `-syslibroot`) without changes.

Reviewer: I still plan to change this in https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/131477 (though if you want, you can keep the text as-is for now).

```suggestion
It is passed through to the linker (currently either as `-isysroot` or `-syslibroot`).
```
